ENGLISH
i have absolved myself of any legal ownership
over the text published in this space under a cc0 license.
for clarity, i wish here to absolve myself of certain unstated moral implications.
1) although i do not believe in the ownership of ideas in a philosophical sense,
i acknowledge the need to act as if artists owned their ideas in practice.
in other words, i firmly believe the need to pay artists for their work
trumps any philosophical treatise.
2) even where artists have no legal right to enforce rules over their work,
i do believe in politeness.
i believe it is polite to acknowledge the author of work even
when there are no obvious worldly consequences for doing so.
3) i believe it is important to consider the worldly consequences of attribution
regardless of the legal framework behind it.
4) in publishing any work with a cc0 license,
i accept the consequences of that decision for me and anything i created.
5) most importantly, in publishing anything under a cc0 license
this is by no means an attempt to an insult to anyone copyrighting their work.
rather it is an attempt by a very privileged man
to withdraw himself from much of financial competition.
6) i love you.

ESPAÑOL
me he absuelto de cualquier derecho legal
sobre el texto publicado en este espacio con una licencia cc0.
para dejarlo claro, mi intención aquí es absolverme
de ciertas implicaciones morales no dichas.
1) aunque no creo en la posesión de ideas en ningún sentido filosófico
reconozco la necesidad de actuar como si artistas poseyeran sus ideas en práctica.
es decir, creo con firmeza que la necesidad de pagar a artistas por su trabajo
supera a cualquier tratado filósofico.
2) incluso donde los artistas carecen de cualquier derecho legal
a proteger su trabajo,
creo en el respeto.
creo que lo respetuoso es reconocer al/la/le autor/a/e de un trabajo
incluso cuando no tendría aparentes secuelas.
3) creo que es importante considerar las consecuencias reales de atribución
sea cual sea el derecho legal que lo respalda.
4) al publicar cualquier trabajo con una licencia cc0,
acepto cualesquiera consecuencias que pueda tener esa decisión
para mí y para cualquier cosa que yo crea.
5) sobre todo, al publicar algo bajo una licencia cc0
esto no es en ningún sentido un intento a insultarle a nadie que
protege sus derechos de autor, sino es el intento de un hombre bien
privilegiado a retirarse de una gran parte de competición fiscal.
6) te quiero.
